This is no longer a simple murder.
I think we're dealing
with a serial killer.
The killer's targeting this entire group.
Do you think the two of us
can really stop this?
If we work together,
we'll catch the killer.
You brought me to your house?
I'm sorry that
I'm not dressed very formally.
You should get used to this.
You're going to see it a lot.
HEADLIGHT RESTORATION SERVICE
MAINTENANCE, ENGINE
Are you done with work?
Bro, can I get some money first?
What? It's not the end of the month yet.
It's for a university activity.
My friends need me to pay first.
You're just going to blow it on booze.
What kind of person do you think I am?
Let me warn you, Kla.
If you don't have money,
live within your means.
Close the garage.
Fuck you. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
Hey!
Check the fingerprints
and the source of the images too.
Sure.
Oh, we've got this too.
CASE FILE: FOURTH-YEAR STUDENT MURDER
PHYSICAL INJURIES
We found ecstasy, marijuana,
and date-rape drugs in the victim's bag.
And there were hidden items
on the motorcycle as well.
What concerns me is that
we also found ketamine and phencyclidine
in the storage room
where Tar's body was found.
-Ketamine and phencyclidine?
-Yes.
But what puzzles me is that
we didn't find any ketamine
among the victim's personal belongings.
I'll follow up with the forensic team
and see if they found anything.
-All right.
-What about fingerprints on the weapon?
No fingerprints were found
on the metal rod used as the weapon.
It appears the motive was
personal revenge.
IN A RELATIONSHIP
The killer is likely someone
in the Avengers.
As for Tar's murder,
it seems to be the same person.
The method and pattern…
They drugged the victim
to make them intoxicated
before killing them.
And here's the key piece of evidence
that points us to the Avengers.
The truth or dare game.
It's a game they like to play.
The fact that the killer used
this game as a gimmick
suggests they know them quite well.
And I'm certain this won't end
with just Puifai and Tar.
If we don't catch the killer soon,
more kids will die, one by one.
Lieutenant Pai,
please order our informants
to keep an eye on all of them.
Including your younger brother, Captain?
Yes. Include him.
It's fine. We'll watch Jay ourselves.
Inspector, people will say
he's getting special treatment.
I want Jay to trust us.
As you can see,
these kids are hiding a lot.
If Jay trusts us,
we might get more information.
Everyone, get back to work.
All right.
As for you,
come to forensics with me.
Inspector, may I have a word?
RESIDENTIAL LEASE AGREEMENT
You worked on this all night?
If it gets you to stay at my place,
it wasn't that hard.
You're that desperate for me
to stay at your place.
Are you lacking some warmth?
If my answer is yes,
are you going to give me that warmth?
You're fast when it comes to this.
I hope you can be this fast at work too.
It depends on who's asking.
If it's you,
maybe it'll take just one night.
Read carefully
and sign.
You barely stay at that
180,000-a-night hotel anyway.
Stay at my place instead.
When there's a case,
we can head out together.
Number 18.
No discussing work at home.
What does that mean?
Home is for resting, right?
So no work talk.
Then I won't sign.
I have to work.
Wait, Inspector.
I'm not saying you can't work.
Just don't talk about work at home.
If you've read everything, sign it now.
Inspector?
I'll read it carefully first.
Come on, Inspector.
One quick signature and it's done.
This is work hours.
I'll sign after I'm done with work.
Let's go.
You're late again, Captain.
Late? I'm right on time.
We're really late.
Thirty seconds late.
I'm sorry about that, doctor.
Well, I'm Tankhun.
And you?
I'm Inspector Kamin.
I'm sorry we're late.
No problem at all, Inspector.
You're actually very punctual,
compared to Captain, who is always late.
Wow, Doctor.
You always give me an earful
for showing up late,
but you're going easy
on the new inspector.
Shall we begin?
This way, please.
Right this way, please.
External examination shows
four metal rods embedded in the body,
and a nail driven into
the center of the chest.
However, the actual cause of death
was massive blood loss.
Anything found internally?
The stomach contained
a large amount of liquid,
mostly food and alcohol.
More importantly…
Here you go.
Ketamine?
Yes. Besides marijuana,
ketamine was found around the victim's
face and upper respiratory tract.
I believe the killer used ketamine
to induce hallucinations.
Why make the victim hallucinate
when they could've killed him right away?
They probably wanted to make him
lose control of his body,
to carry out the crime easily.
I'll send the rest of the details
in a report.
Here.
May I have your LINE contact?
Oh, I don't really use LINE.
I'll give you my email instead.
Here.
Thank you very much.
In all these years,
you've never asked for my LINE contact.
That's because
I don't want to talk to you.
I want to talk to Inspector Kamin.
By the way, Captain,
is the inspector seeing someone?
If you want to know, ask him yourself.
Can I get your email too?
Why do you want it?
Why not? We work together.
Don't you think I need to contact you?
Why?
Or do you only give it to Dr. Tankhun?
Here.
-You use LINE too?
-For convenience.
Add me so we can stay in touch.
I thought you said you didn't use it.
You use this app, don't you?
So I figured I'd learn.
COMMANDER DON
Police have yet to identify the suspect
in the murder of Tar, or Mr. Dhewin,
who was impaled with metal rods
at a popular club in Thonglor.
When I told you to hurry
and catch the killer,
did you think I was joking?
We're doing everything we can.
Don't you see?
Two students are dead,
and this mess has reached MP Ratana.
Where are the suspects?
Do you even have one?
We shouldn't rush to conclusions.
With a second victim,
we can now confirm
this is a serial murder case.
-We need to be more cautious.
-Cautious or slow?
I'm starting to doubt
whether you can handle this.
Or are you hiding
behind the fact that you are new,
so I can hand this case to someone else?
That won't be necessary.
I swear on my honor
that I'll see this case through.
Then hurry up and find the killer.
But let me make one thing clear.
Stop getting involved
with MP Ratana's son.
I know you questioned him
at the university.
But if the MP's son is innocent,
there's nothing to worry about.
Inspector Kananon!
When I warn you, you listen.
MP Ratana is not someone
you want to get involved with
and end up in trouble with.
And I'm not going down with you guys.
You have seven days.
If there's no progress on this case,
I'll assign someone else
to take it over from you.
DEAD
This is between the Commander and me.
You don't have to worry.
It won't backfire on you.
I'm not worried about that, Inspector.
Honestly, I admire you.
I never thought you'd dare stand up
to someone this much.
DECEASED
CRIME SCENE
HE WAS AT TAR'S CRIME SCENE!
You can read Thai, right?
I think Tonkla is definitely hiding
something from us.
So are Cherreen and Champ.
But what I'm more suspicious
about right now is…
THE KILLER'S MOTIVE
The motive?
Yes.
It started with Puifai's death.
Then Tar, who raped Puifai,
was killed right after.
I feel like everything
traces back to Puifai.
I told you I don't know
anything about Tar.
Why are you pushing this so hard?
Then can we talk about Puifai?
It won't take long.
About Puifai? Why?
You usually stayed
with Puifai here, right?
Sometimes.
We stayed between my place and hers.
But I've already returned
all of her belongings to her parents.
Did Tar and Puifai
have problems with each other?
-Why are you asking?
-When we ask, you answer.
Tar did something to Puifai.
Now they're both suspected murder victims.
Do you really think it's unrelated?
Whether it's related or not, I don't know.
What I do know is I didn't do anything.
Champ, could you cooperate with us?
The one who died was your girlfriend.
-Is there anything you're hiding from us?
-That's enough.
If you have more questions,
talk to my lawyer.
Usually, people who avoid cooperating
are the ones who are guilty.
It's fine if you don't cooperate now,
but once we uncover the truth,
your dad's name won't save you.
Hey! What are you implying?
Inspector, please calm down.
Get out!
I'll tell my dad about all this.
You'll be hearing from my lawyer.
Inspector!
I know that kid is a real pain in the ass,
but if you handle it like that,
we're the ones who'll be in trouble.
I just want to test Champ to see
if he's hiding something.
Threatening him like that
might've made him crack.
We could get a lead out of it.
Next time, you should be careful.
Don't worry about me.
I'm serious.
If something happens to you,
how am I supposed to live?
All right. I'll take care of myself.
Let's request a warrant
to search Puifai's house.
Got it.
We agreed to meet yesterday.
Why didn't you show up?
There were cops everywhere.
How was I supposed to get in?
Can you come see me today?
It's important.
Puifai and Tar are dead.
Aren't you scared at all?
If you have something to say, say it now.
On the day Puifai died,
what drugs did you trade with her?
So?
Nothing.
Just tell me.
Even if you did something to Puifai,
I won't blame you.
I told you I didn't do anything.
If you don't tell me the truth,
and something happens to you next,
I won't be able to help you in time, girl.
Well…
Puifai asked me to prank everyone.
I never thought she'd actually die.
But I didn't do it.
I didn't kill Puifai!
Okay.
I'll protect you.
Inspector, is Captain not here?
He's in the shower. Is something wrong?
I'm here to report on the kids.
Have a seat.
Students at the university said a girl
named Bell doesn't have many friends.
She often gets into fights.
As for Champ and Cherreen,
Sergeant Chai followed them.
They go home as usual.
Together,
and then they split up?
-What about the others?
-Time and Jay have a lot of activities.
They're good-looking,
so they're popular on campus.
But from what I've seen so far,
there's nothing suspicious.
Tonkla works at a garage.
I saw him on the phone, looking tense.
And I heard him say,
"If you don't tell me the truth, I won't
be able to help you in time, girl."
Did he mention "girl"?
That means
the person he was speaking to was female.
Get me all his call records.
I want to know who he was talking to.
Captain.
I've already requested a warrant
to search Puifai's house.
Is there something wrong?
That was a long shower.
If you're in a hurry,
do you want to come and shower for me?
Get dressed. Now.
You can tell me anything.
I won't hold it against you.
You've got five minutes.
Hurry and get dressed.
I'm taking you to investigate.
Inspector, warrants don't work like that.
You can't just get one instantly.
We're going to investigate Tonkla.
Tonkla?
Lieutenant Ken had teams
checking on the kids.
Tonkla's the most suspicious one.
Stop messing around.
Go get dressed.
If I mess around,
your heart races, right?
Why are you so full of yourself?
Inspector!
Please give this to Captain.
Give it to me.
Damn it!
What is it, Jay?
Kamin, Tonkla has received a letter.
I can't reach him right now.
It's been two months, asshole!
I'll pay you back, bro!
I swear I'll pay you back!
Hey! Police!
-What are you doing?
-Tonkla!
Hey! Don't run!
Hey!
-Are you okay?
-Are you all right?
Tonkla, are you okay?
What happened?
Two hundred thousand baht.
Did it really have to come to this?
That's how loan sharks work.
Why didn't you report it to the police?
And if I did,
what would you do to help me?
Jay said you received a letter, right?
Give it to me.
Is it true you knew what your friends did
and you did nothing?
You knew Champ cheated on exams
and let him copy.
You knew Tar drugged women and raped them,
but you kept quiet in exchange for drinks.
You knew Bell assaulted a girl
who got close to her boyfriend.
Bitch!
Are you that damn horny?
You stayed silent because
you liked her coming on to you.
You sold out your friends for cash.
You almost got me killed.
But you bought your way out.
People like you can be bought
with money, right?
I did steal. That part is true.
But I didn't do the rest.
That's all the letter says?
Yeah.
-What else do you expect?
-Stop being such a pain.
We're trying to help you here.
Stop acting like I killed someone.
I may be broke,
but I'm not so low as to kill someone.
We'll know once the questioning starts.
For now, pack your things.
You'll give a statement
at the station tomorrow.
I'll take the letter for examination.
But you shouldn't stay alone.
It's dangerous.
Because of the letter and the loan sharks.
Do you have family
or someone close with you?
I can stay by myself.
Two of your friends are dead already.
Aren't you scared at all?
Of course I'm scared.
But what can I do about it?
All right then.
I'll send officers to check on you
every two hours.
Until then, don't go anywhere.
So what now?
Are we heading back together?
I'll help him clean up first.
I'll catch up later.
Okay.
Tonkla didn't tell us everything.
He doesn't have a Dare letter.
Apart from that,
something feels off about the room.
The places that were searched had nothing.
If loan sharks came,
they'd take the laptop
and valuables first.
You think Tonkla staged it?
Yeah.
He doesn't have that much money.
He's scared his stuff will be damaged.
The question is why lie to us?
If I had to guess,
it's about the Dare letter.
He probably has two letters
and is hiding one from us.
Then…
we need to talk to Jay.
Let's meet at the rice-porridge shop.
Don't stress about the money.
I've got some savings.
Do you want to use it
to pay the interest first?
I'm not worried about money.
But are we really going to die?
What are you talking about?
Jay, I told you to eat more vegetables.
For fuck's sake, what now?
-If you don't eat them, your intestines…
-Then eat them yourself, asshole!
I don't like them. Stop forcing me.
When you were constipated,
I took you to the doctor.
-None of your business!
-What?
-I didn't ask for that.
-Hey, you guys.
Eat like civilized people, okay?
Can't you do that?
Why are you always fighting?
Ask Jade.
I can't even enjoy my meal because of him.
Oh, now it's me again.
You dragged me out to eat,
and then sit here staring at me like this.
Are you trying to get something out of me?
Just so you know,
the more you hide things,
the longer it takes us
to catch the killer.
And the harder it is for us,
the ones in danger are your friends.
Can you promise me
you won't tell your brother about this?
Well, there's nothing to tell.
The Inspector warned you.
Why won't you talk?
There's nothing to say.
What more do you want?
You're annoying as hell.
I'll be right back.
I've already emailed you.
With incidents happening back-to-back,
you must be exhausted, Inspector.
About as exhausted as
Special Investigations.
About the ketamine
and phencyclidine you found,
I think it's connected to a club network
in Bangkok that we're investigating.
They're major dealers.
High-ranking politicians
and cops are involved.
If this gets exposed,
a lot of people are going down.
I'll handle the club lead.
Right now,
I've got another case overlapping.
I'll deal with it fast.
Hey!
Where are you going?
You're that damn nosy, huh?
Where the hell are you going?
Who the hell are you guys?
You're curious?
Take a punch for an answer!
Hey!
What the hell?
You're ganging up on him?
Kamin!
Hey! Stop what you're doing already!
This is just a warning, asshole!
Let's go!
Kamin!
Kamin, are you okay?
Are you hurt badly?
Let's hold the wound first.
The bleeding won't stop.
Ken, check every CCTV camera.
I'll handle all those bastards.
I'm fine, Captain.
Let Ken use his time on something else.
No.
It's obvious they meant to hurt you.
But you got there in time, didn't you?
Yeah.
And that's a good thing, isn't it?
Do you think this was MP Ratana's doing?
With a mouth like mine,
I make enemies everywhere.
By the way, did Jay say anything else?
Get some rest.
You're always working.
You promised already.
No work talk at home.
I haven't signed the contract yet,
so I can talk about work.
Are you hurt badly, Kamin?
I'm okay.
The wound's been treated.
Can I talk to you
for a minute, Jay?
You see it now, right?
Things are getting worse.
If I tell you,
you won't send Tonkla to prison, right?
Jay, stop stalling.
If you know something, say it.
-Captain!
-Say it!
Captain, easy.
If you can't talk properly, wait outside.
Jay,
even police like me got attacked.
If you don't tell me,
Tonkla or the others
are in real danger.
It could be fatal.
The truth is…
the letter came with a flash drive.
It's a clip of Tonkla stealing
a customer's car.
Did you really do this?
I know I fucked up,
but I didn't know what to do.
I just…
I just panicked.
So you lied to the police?
Do you want me in prison?
I don't have a cop brother
or an MP as a dad like Champ.
Kla!
Who else knows about this?
Just Champ.
He helped me.
So you traded secrets with him,
covering up his exam cheating, right?
But Tonkla really didn't mean it.
You can love and protect your friend,
but there have to be limits.
I know it's wrong, damn it.
But if it were your friend,
wouldn't you help?
I would,
but not like this.
The Dare letter.
What about it?
As for the letters,
there are Truth and Dare.
But Tonkla
only gave me the Truth one.
As far as he told me,
that's all there was.
Where did you get that photo?
Time took it back in freshman year.
You work at home too?
I want to know
what the killer's motive is.
SLEEPS AROUND, DRUG ADDICTION
THEFT, DRIVEN FOR MONEY
PHYSICAL ASSAULT, VIOLENCE
After Tonkla,
who do you think the next target will be?
The one who seems most violent
would be Bell.
SUSPICIOUS
What the hell is this?
IS IT TRUE YOU THREW ACID ON A GIRL?
IS IT TRUE YOU DRAGGED A FRIEND
INTO GETTING AN ABORTION,
ENDING A LIFE BEFORE IT EVEN BEGAN?
FAKE CAMPUS STAR FITS YOU PERFECTLY.
Cherreen, answer me, bitch!
Bitch!
What sick game are you playing?
You want this, huh?
I can do it myself.
How?
The wound is on your arm.
You'll bite the gauze like in the movies?
Let me do it.
It might hurt a bit.
Does it hurt?
Not at all.
Captain,
thank you.
Without you, I'd be in real trouble.
Anytime.
Do you want to take your shirt off?
I'll apply the medicine.
It's fine.
It's easier all at once.
No need.
Come on, I'll help.
Careful.
Okay.
Who's that?
Cher? Bitch, I'm not playing.
Cher!
You love messing with me, huh?
Truth or dare?
Who are you?
What do you want from me?
Get out
or I'll call the police!
Please! Let me go! Let me go.
I already chose dare. I chose dare!
-I chose Cherreen!
-Shut up!
It's too late.
Someone else chose you.
Who?
Who chose me?
This is how it feels before you die.
It's the pain of being betrayed.
Just like what you did to Puifai!
I'm sorry!
Well, tomorrow I'll follow up
on the search warrant for Puifai's house.
If Tar and Tonkla got letters,
Puifai must have gotten one too.
You can let your team
handle that small task.
I can do it for you.
Actually,
you should just focus on
dressing the wound.
But if you're so worried about me,
look into Bell tomorrow
and follow up the scene evidence.
Understood?
Yes.
You're taking too long, Captain.
I can do it myself.
I'm doing it carefully here.
A tough Captain like you
never dressed your own wounds?
I don't care about my own wounds.
You're the first I've treated
and gotten this worked up
over a small cut.
Hey.
Do you think the two of us
could be more than coworkers?
No. That's not what I meant.
Besides, I don't like buffets.
Hypothetically,
one day you lose control
and start liking me.
You and me? No way.
Why not?
We're both single.
We're together all the time.
I'm pretty handsome.
Wouldn't you fall for me for a bit?
If I had to like you,
I'd rather like a dog.
Wow, Inspector.
So sharp-tongued, huh?
Which breed then?
Doberman? Golden retriever?
Or a little puppy?
Temple dog.
You just killed the mood.
Are there temple dogs in the US?
I think Bell is in danger.
Kamin. Are you really going to act like
nothing happened?
If you're so distracted,
shouldn't you get
a search warrant instead?
Here you are. A mask.
Just in case there are
hazardous substances inside.
But when we're on duty,
try to be professional, okay?
Watch yourself.
You might be the one who cannot handle it.